Add a new page with detailed analysis of the data (#5)
iai-group/crsarena-dial: DataAnalysis.md

The code to create the analysis is available in this [Jupyter notebook](tool/analysis.ipynb). The analysis comprises three main sections:

1. **Conversation analysis**: This section provides insights into the distribution of the number of conversations per CRS and their structure.
2. **CRS ranking**: This section uses the pairwise comparisons to rank the CRSs based on human feedback.
3. **Correlation analysis**: This section investigates the correlation between the results obtained from the data collected in the open and closed crowdsourcing environments.

## Conversation analysis

CRSArena-Dial comprises 474 dialogues between users and nine conversational recommendation systems. The distribution of the number of dialogues per CRS is shown in the following table:

| CRS | Open crowdsourcing | Closed crowdsourcing |
| --- | :----------------: | :------------------: |
| BARCOR_OpenDialKG | 29 | 26 |
| BARCOR_ReDial | 23 | 24 |
| CRB-CRS_ReDial | 37 | 26 |
| ChatGPT_OpenDialKG | 20 | 24 |
| ChatGPT_ReDial | 29 | 24 |
| KBRD_OpenDialKG | 38 | 21 |
| KBRD_ReDial | 35 | 27 |
| UniCRS_OpenDialKG | 21 | 21 |
| UniCRS_ReDial | 22 | 27 |
| **Total** | 254 | 220 |

> The conversations collected in these two environments have similar response diversity with regards to Distinct-2. Diversity is 0.527 and 0.538 for open and closed environments, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conversations collected in these two environments have similar dialogue diversity with regard to Distinct-2. Diversity is 0.527 and 0.538 for open and closed environments, respectively.
```

The term "response diversity" may give the wrong impression that diversity is only measured based on the _system_ responses (in fact, Distinct-n is also used to assess the diversity of system responses, excluding user utterances). Here, we are assessing the diversity of collected conversations, including both from the user and system sides. Therefore, following the referenced paper (Joko et al.), let's adopt the term "dialogue diversity" so readers can easily find a corresponding discussion and explanation.
